Update dependency-injection-file.md (#185)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/build/dependency-injection-file.md

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text"/>

> Advising against the practice, it's suggested that completely replacing whole methods should only be considered as a final option. This approach may cause conflicts in the system and reduces system upgradability. Other extensibility options such as `event observers` and `plugins` are preferable, when possible.

Reviewer: The example shows an _override_, not a replace.
Perhaps this can be simplified:

```suggestion
Overriding a method is not recommended because it can cause conflicts in the system and increase the complexity to upgrade. Consider other extensibility options, such as `event observers` and `plugins`, when possible.
```
